LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN MINDTREE AND THE LICENSEE
This License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is effective on the date the Licensor Product has been down-loaded by the Licensee. 
•	Licensor: Mindtree Limited, having its registered office at Global Village, RVCE Post, Mysore Road, Bangalore – 560059. 
•	Licensee: the party downloaded the Licensor Product
•	Licensor Product: SAP Profit Center Creation

1.	Licensing Terms
a)	Grant of License – To the extent that Licensee complies with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any procedures and for the duration of this Agreement, Licensor shall grant Li-censee, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sub-licensable Licensor Product.
b)	Form of Use –Licensee shall not sell, sub-license, lease, rent, lend or transfer to third party the Licensor Product, in any form including without limitation to stand-alone / separate product. The Licensee shall not modify, distribute, adapt, alter, translate or create any derivative work of the Licensor Product. Whenever the Licensor Product is used, the Licensee shall ensure that all legends and disclaimers, including but not limited to Intellectual Property declarations of the Li-censor on the Licensor Product are used exactly as provided. The Licensee shall not reverse en-gineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the Licensor Product. 
c)	Ownership - Licensor shall continue to own the design, including all intellectual property rights and any other proprietary rights for Licensor Product and any derivatives, delivered by Licensor to Licensee. Licensor retains its right to including without limitation make, use, import, repro-duce, copy, enhance, modify, manufacture, port, and create derivative works the Licensor Prod-uct and to license it to other parties. 
d)	Confidentiality - Licensee shall not make Licensor Product available in any form to any person other than Licensee’s employees and authorized sub-contractors who are allowed to access the same and shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement to the same extent as that of the Licen-see. Licensee solely shall be responsible for all acts or omissions of Licensee’s employees and au-thorized sub-contractors. Licensee shall take appropriate and reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of Licensor Product and ensure access by Licensee authorized personnel only.  
e)	Open Source - Licensee shall not put the Licensor Product in any Open Source domain or anoth-er domain that might affect the Licensor Product and the Licensors’ existing and future business.
f)	Applicability - The terms of this Agreement, including without limitation, the licensing and as-signment provisions shall be binding upon Licensee’s heirs, successors in interest and permitted assigns. 
g)	Breach - In the event that it is discovered that Licensee has committed a breach of the terms of license in any manner, Licensor shall have the right to forthwith terminate the Agreement and the license granted to the Licensor Product.
h)	Exclusion of All Other Rights- Except as expressly provided herein, Licensee is granted no rights or licenses whatsoever in or to the Licensor Product or any other Licensor’s products, ser-vices or other Licensor intellectual, proprietary or personal rights. Licensor hereby expressly re-serves all rights and licenses not expressly granted in this Agreement. In particular and without limiting the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to convey to Licensee the legal title to any Licensed IP.
2.	Commercials
Licensor licenses the Licensor Product to the Licensee free of cost.
3.	Intellectual Property Rights
All rights, title and interest in the intellectual property developed till date and in the future course of time, with respect to the Licensor Product shall be the exclusive property of Licensor. Licensor reserves all the rights, ownership, titles and interests therein. Licensor will retain its right on Licensor Products.
Licensee acknowledges and confirms that the Licensor Product is the Intellectual Property of the Licen-sor constitutes proprietary information and trade secrets valuable to Licensor, and that the unauthor-ized use, loss or outside disclosure of such Intellectual Property or breach of the terms of this Agree-ment shall cause irreparable injury to Licensor. The Licensee shall notify the Licensor immediately upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Intellectual Property of the Licensor, and will cooper-ate with the Licensor in every reasonable way to help regain possession of such Intellectual Property and to prevent its further unauthorized use. Licensor shall continue to enjoy all multiple remedies avail-able in law or equity including but limiting seeking injunctive relief, specific performance, without post-ing a bond seek damages etc.
4. Representation and Warranties
Licensee hereby represents and warrants and agrees: 
a)	to use the Licensor Product for any specific purpose only hereunder; 
b)	to comply with the terms of this Agreement; 
c)	to reproduce on all copies made, and not remove, alter, or obscure in any way, all third party proprietary rights notices (including copyright notices) on or within copies of any Software; 
d)	upon Licensor’s request, to return or destroy, at Licensor’s option, the Licensor Product as per the terms of this Agreement; 
e)	not to merge Licensor Product with other software including open source software; 
f)	to use the Licensor Products in a manner that they do not infringe or breach any intellec-tual property rights of the Licensor or any third party or breach the terms of this Agree-ment.
5. Disclaimer on Warranties
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, OR AN AMENDMENT HERETO AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LICENSOR  HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO, NON IN-FRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE AND THE USE OF REASONABLE SKILL AND CARE. THE LICENSOR PRODUCT IS PROVIDED AS IS AND THE LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE LICENSOR PRODUCT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED AND/OR ERROR FREE. ALL WARRANTIES PROVIDED HEREIN ARE PERSONAL TO AND ARE INTENDED SOLELY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE LI-CENSEE AND DO NOT EXTEND TO ANY THIRD PARTY, HARDWARE OR OTHER MATERIALS PROVIDED BY LICENSOR TO THE LICENSEE OUTSIDE THIS AGREEMENT.
CERTAIN THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE MAY BE PROVIDED BY LICENSOR ALONG WITH CERTAIN LICEN-SOR PRODUCT SOLELY AS AN ACCOMMODATION. THIS THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS". LICENSEE MAY CHOOSE NOT TO USE THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE PROVIDED AS AN ACCOMMODATION AND NO WARRANTIES OR LIABILITIES EXTEND TO ANY THIRD PARTY MATERIAL PROVIDED HERE-UNDER.
Licensee recognizes that each item of the Deliverable has in it software, whose performance will vary depending upon hardware platform, software interactions, and licensed software configuration. Licen-see acknowledges that such software is neither fault tolerant nor free from errors, conflicts or interrup-tions. Licensee also acknowledges that software bugs may be identified upon customization or installa-tion of licensed software. Licensee therefore accepts the responsibility of determining that the software is suitable in quality and performance for use on the systems on which it may be installed. This includes conducting sufficient testing of customizations and installations on computer systems on which it may be installed (including failure mode and effects analysis on such computer systems), and providing any necessary notices or warnings to Licensee’s customers. 
6. Limitation of Liability
The Licensor shall not be liable to the Licensee for any loss of profits or income or savings, loss of data, or consequential, incidental, special, punitive or indirect damages incurred by Licensee arising out of this Agreement (whether in an action in contract or tort or based on a warranty), even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  In no event shall Licensor’s aggregate liability for direct damages under this Agreement shall exceed $100 (USD Hundred only).
7. Indemnity
Licensee shall indemnify and hold Licensor harmless from and against all and any damages, costs losses and liabilities and fees incurred (including attorneys’ fees) and agrees, at its expense, to defend or, at its option, to settle, any awarded or settled claim or action brought against Licensor pursuant to breach of this Agreement.
Licensee shall not enter into any settlement agreement, consent decree or other consensual arrange-ment that will bind Licensor without Licensor’s consent, which consent will not be unreasonably with-held. 
8. Termination
1.	The Licensee may terminate this Agreement by uninstalling the Licensor product.
2.	Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately if the Licensee breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement.
9. Effect of termination
All rights and licenses granted hereunder by Licensor shall immediately revert to Licensor and Licensee shall immediately
1.	Cease using or uninstalling the Licensor Product, in any manner and all copies and portions of each in any form.
2.	at Licensor’s option, either return to Licensor or destroy all copies of the Licensor Product in any form, erase from all computer, electronic or other storage devices or otherwise destroy all images and copies thereof, and
Termination of this Agreement shall not preclude a party from pursuing any available legal or equitable remedies, including injunctive relief, in connection with the other party’s material breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
10. Survival
Sections 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or as mentioned in that section.  
11. Miscellaneous
a)	Independent Contractors: The parties are independent contractors and nothing in this Agree-ment is intended to create or constitute any partnership, joint venture or other formal business association.  Neither party shall have the authority or power to act as the agent of the other party or to make any representations or warranties on behalf of the other party in any respect whatso-ever whether express or implied or otherwise to bind or obligate the other party without its pri-or written consent
b)	Modifications Waiver:  This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by a written instrument signed by both parties.  The delay or failure of a party to enforce a provision in re-spect of any breach shall not be interpreted to be a waiver of that provision or any other provi-sion or its right to enforce such provision or any other provision in respect of any other breach.
c)	Assignment:  Licensee shall not assign or transfer this Agreement or any of its rights or obliga-tions hereunder.
d)	Entire Agreement:  This Agreement, including all exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agree-ment between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreement, statement, representation or condition, whether oral or written.
e)	Governing Law:  This Agreement is governed by the laws of England, without reference to its conflicts of law rules. Any legal action for breach of this Agreement or any other relationship be-tween the Parties, as permitted by and in conformity with the requirements of this Agreement, must be commenced within one (1) year after the cause for such action arises. 
f)	Dispute Resolution: Either Party may initiate a dispute by giving written notice to the other Party setting out the nature of the dispute, together with relevant supporting documents. Execu-tives of both parties will use reasonable endeavors to resolve the dispute amicably. If the dispute remains unresolved for thirty (30) business days following receipt of the notice, the dispute shall be escalated to senior executives of the Parties who shall attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute.
g)	Arbitration: In the event the dispute is not settled as per the above Section, then, such dispute shall be referred to and finally determined by arbitration administered by London Court of Inter-national Arbitration (“LCIA”) in accordance with the LCIA Rules. The tribunal shall consist of a sole arbitrator unless the Parties mutually stipulate in writing to three (3) arbitrators. The seat or place of arbitration shall be London. The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. The tribunal may, in the Award, allocate all or part of the costs of the arbitration, in-cluding the fees of the arbitrator and the reasonable attorney’s fees of the prevailing party. Judg-ment on the Award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not pre-clude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. 
h)	Interpretation:  If any provision of this Agreement is declared illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed to the extent consistent with the intent of the parties in enter-ing into this Agreement so as to be valid and enforceable.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will constitute an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
i)	Force Majeure:  If the performance of this Agreement or any obligation hereunder (other than the payment of money) is prevented, restricted or interfered with by any act of God, strike or other labor dispute, riot, act of war, governmental regulation imposed after the fact, communica-tion line failure, power failure, fire, or other disaster etc. (Hereinafter referred as Force Majeure). The party so affected shall be excused from such performance to the extent of such prevention, restriction or interference.
By downloading the Licensor product, the Licensee accepts the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
